5.5 deprecations are no-ops, not errors (#58313)
microsoft/TypeScript: tests/baselines/reference/alwaysStrictNoImplicitUseStrict.errors.txt

> error TS5101: Option 'noImplicitUseStrict' is deprecated and will stop functioning in TypeScript 5.5. Specify compilerOption '"ignoreDeprecations": "5.0"' to silence this error.

Reviewer: Like Jake said,

```suggestion
error TS5101: Option 'noImplicitUseStrict' is deprecated and has stopped functioning in TypeScript 5.5. Specify compilerOption '"ignoreDeprecations": "5.0"' to silence this error.
```

would be better. I'll approve, but we should probably update this.
